>> Scott Moss: So now that we have that,
we actually have a dashboard that we can
go look at to visualize
these changes over time.
So we can see a chart on whether or
not we're getting worse or
we're getting better.
To run that,
open up another tab in your terminal.
cd into the experiment-viewer.
>> Scott Moss: I'm sorry,
not experiment-viewer, dashboard.
Why does it say experiment-viewer,
that's weird.
I changed it, I never went back, okay.
cd into the dashboard.
And then from there,
there is a command that you can run,
which is going to be dev.
So you should be run npm run dev,
that's gonna start an app.
You can go to that app and
you'll see something like this,
only ran it once, so
I have a score of 1, so my dot is here.
>> Scott Moss: I'm going to run it again,
intentionally breaking it so
we can see the change.
So I'm gonna say, yeah,
I'm gonna say hi, right?
Or actually,
what I'll do is I'll keep this one, right?
I'll just add some more data,
I'll add another piece of data,
and this one will just say, all right, but
I still expect it to call this
function for some reason.
And actually let me make
sure that my tool call thing
supports that so,
actually we're about to find out.
I don't know if that supports that or
not, but we're gonna see.
So, now I'm gonna go back
I'm gonna run it again.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah it did, so, as you can
see it regressed so, previously we had
a 1, now we have a 0.5 because one was
right and one was wrong, so that's 50%.
So it went down 50%, so
that was a pretty dramatic loss there.
And then this just shows
you that right there,
so you can see the drop right
there visually on the graph.
And this is what you would get on that,
like brain trust data.
Obviously their product's gonna
look way better than this, but
they give you some sort of visualization
on whether or not your thing increased or
decreased and it'll log it out for
you like this as well.
So you can look at it there, so
you can look at it here in
the log when you run it.
You can look at it visually here and
eventually be able to
change these experiments.
But you can also just go
to your results.JSON.
And you can look look at them here, so
I can see that on this first run that had,
I got back a 1.
It totally worked, it was great.
And then I did it again.
I got back a 1, but I also had another
piece of data on this other one, and
I got back a 0 on it, so
its score was point 0.5.
So, I mean, this is just JSON,
you can build whatever dashboard
you want based off this.
But yeah, so couple things,
if you are running on Windows,
trying to run these evals,
the scripts that I created for
you are probably incompatible this.
Where is it, this run file here that
does some foul stuff is incompatible
with how the latest version
of node does dynamic imports.
But no worries,
you can just do this other thing,
which you can just run the file
directly so you can do MDX, TSX.
TSX is like TS node, it allows you to run
TypeScript from node, if you have button,
you can just use button too, but NPS,
TSX, and then just the path to that file.
So in this case, it'll be evals,
experiments, and then Reddit.
So you can just run it like this and
in my case,
it's gonna break because it's saying
the open AI Key is not loaded and
that's because that environment variable
gets loaded when you run my script.
So if you're gonna run the file directly,
you would have to import
.env at the top of every experiment,
so to import your env file.
So that way you don't run into that error.
>> Scott Moss: And then you can do
the same thing, you get the same result.